driver: watchdog: npcx: support longer watchdog timeout (#72506)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: doc/releases/migration-guide-3.7.rst

Timer
=====

Watchdog
========

* The ``nuvoton,npcx-watchdog`` driver has been changed to extend the max timeout period.

>   The time of one watchdog count bacomes various with the different pre-scalar setting.

Reviewer: "bacomes various with the" 
Typo and weird grammar.

Author: done

  Removed :kconfig:option:`WDT_NPCX_DELAY_CYCLES` because it is no longer suitable to
  set the leading warning time.

>   Add the kconfig:option:`WDT_NPCX_WARNING_LEADING_TIME_MS` to set the leading warning time
>   in the unit of milli-second instead.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Instead, added the kconfig:option:`CONFIG_WDT_NPCX_WARNING_LEADING_TIME_MS` to set
  the leading warning time in milliseconds.

```

Author: done
